well happy they're internet people let's
bow again so we've got to talk about the
300 the 300 children that were just
removed from a Border Patrol facility in
Clint Texas that was designed to house a
hundred people had 350 in it the one
word that everybody who visited used to
describe it was stench the children
present had inadequate food no access to
hygiene items like soap and toothpaste
many had not taken a shower in almost a
month their clothing had bodily fluids
on it ranging from breast milk to urine
they don't know where their family is
there's flu outbreaks they don't have
beds Border Patrol has apparently
entrusted seven and eight-year-olds with
taking care of two-year-olds and we
wonder why we have so many in custody
deaths
the media the headlines are saying that
they were removed making it sound like
it's over like they've been rescued from
American law enforcement they they
weren't removed they're still in the
custody of the same agency that allowed
this that permitted this that encouraged
this to happen to them they just moved
them to a different facility another
tent city another Trump concentration
camp yes that's what they are many of
the people who died in the concentration
camps that everybody thinks of when you
say that term they died a disease and
lack of food disease brought on from a
lack of hygiene how long do you want to
wait until you call your senator do you
want to wait until we have a bunch of
deaths
we have concentration camps operating on
American soil what's worse is that this
this isn't even a shock anymore it's not
these children are packed in there like
livestock because that's what they are
at this point they're not people they're
livestock they're a product so they can
be shown as numbers on a board to show
what how huge the crisis is a crisis of
his own making
can you imagine what would happen if a
daycare facility was over capacity
by three and a half times the kids
didn't have enough to eat and they were
covered in bodily fluids and hadn't
showered in a month do you think just
following orders would prevent those
daycare providers from going to prison
of course not shouldn't here either this
is a travesty this is ridiculous
and the sad part is it's not even
surprising anymore and the media they
were removed they weren't the same
people that did this to them still have
power over life and death for them they
have no idea where their family is
I don't know what it's gonna take to
make people realize the road we're on
but if this doesn't do it nothing will
anyway it's just a thought
you'll have a good day